Quotes = [
"Many, are so concerned for the future, that they forget the present - from which everything is defined.",
"\'Maybe I should just quit and go back\'...\'Quit* do not quit... Whichever path you choose, suffering awaits. But if you keep pushing and never back down, your pain will turn into happiness.\'",
"Finding a reason to die, is easier than finding a reason to live.",
"The only reason we are alive, is the reason itself.",
"When one is young, lives in bravery* but when old, lives in fear.",
"Fame, is a reward to be given not a target to be claimed.",
"\'Does it really matter what I say or what I think? You will have chosen already by that time.\'",
"Life, is like an orchestra. You are the maestro and everyone else the singers.",
"Inside a book, one can hide a universe of knowledge.",
"A serious problem that occurs in the last generations, is that the older expect from the younger to be ethical, when they teach them - through actions - corruption.",
"Love, is stronger than death. Even the ones who forget in their mind, never forget in their heart.",
"One, can never know who he really is* but only choose, what to become.",
"My passion, is to be a man of many talents. I never chose it for me, but for my world to be a better place for everyone.",
"\'What is the price of freedom?\'\'Sacrifice...\'",
"Love falls like lightning, enchanting the eyes of the heart with its dazzling radiance.",
"Our brain is a receiver, of universal knowledge.",
"Do not follow the path of loneliness* unless you are determined to die, for something higher than yourself.",
"If you wish people to see, what you see of the cosmos* do not listen to them. Show them, inspire them, and recreate the future of everyone, into a bright one.",
"This world is not ours. We are just wanderers of the universe, in search of a celestial home.",
"The arrow of time takes multiple forms, reaching everyone in its scope.",
"Your life can not be continuous* unless it is connected to a value greater than you.",
"What keeps as alive, is also what kills us* if we do not follow it.",
"Many people in life, will intentionally try to make you feel bad about yourself. But the only reason they choose you, is to remind you that you are unique.",
"Most people, trade their lives for temporary happiness. Only a few accept death, in exchange for eternal happiness.",
"When they are silent* speak up. When they speak up* think. When they think* act.",
"True friends, are there for you. The rest of them, are there for themselves.",
"Society, has lost its morality, because school and family, have abandoned their role of raising humans",
"The place of one's first creation, will always remain indelible in his heart.",
"Find people who understand your pain and are willing to share theirs, with you.",
"Those who do great deeds, are not geniuses* but people who feel a supreme duty, to rebuild a better world.",
"To raise a child successfully, you must first become a child again.",
"Do something new each day. Otherwise, it will seem impossible to live.",
"To innovate in life, you must love to think.",
"Many people, condemn themselves into living badly* casting their mistakes as charges, in the structure of life.",
"Fighting the urge, is better than resisting it.",
"Virtue is given to all, but only the humble fully unlock it.",
"Many people say they know me, but they do not. They only see, what I choose to show them.",
"Geometry, is God's art.",
"Never neglect your daily duties. They build your inner strength.",
"Concentration, is a decreasing function. To increase it, differentiate it into vertices.",
"The stronger the connections, the better the structure.",
"Never define your work. Let your work, define you.",
"Accuracy, exists only in theory.",
"True love, lives in the land of \'Nothing in return\'",
"Those who build the foundations of human knowledge* suffer daily from their ideas.",
"The use of recognition, is about sharing ideas for a better world.",
"Eternal freedom, leads to corruption. No freedom, leads to war. True freedom, lies in between.",
"People rarely forgive* because selfishness, avoids being exposed to the beauty of kindness.",
"For every limit we cross, we must set a new one.",
"Rules, are not there to be broken. They exist, to teach discipline and morality. And when the time comes, they are replaced by others.",
"The essence of \'absolute\' truth varies* as each mind generates a different sequence of interpretations.",
"What we now regard as the norm, was once a figment of imagination.",
"Numerous, - seemingly - unrelated events, occur in our world. However, the probabilistic ascertainment of their interconnection, becomes exponentially cheaper* due to the multi-parametric form of the \'randomness\' equation.",
"People - usually - unconsciously, transform their behavior* when they are surrounded by other people.",
"Motivation, is unnecessary for someone to start something* but it is vital, for someone who wants to complete something.",
"The cosmic laws that govern everything, must not break down. We must co-create with them* and never against them.",
"Every problem, can be solved through geometry. For they are parts of a bigger picture* a global puzzle.",
"Visualization, is the starting point of creation.",
"Every human being, is a sequence of numbers* generating beautiful patterns.",
"Secrets, create doubts. Doubts, create distance. Distance, creates emotional collapse. Emotional exhaustion, wears down relationships.",
"Man, needs religion. Otherwise, he willfully blinds himself, mentally.",
"Religion, connects to the divine* the invisible* the powerful* the fascinating* the unimaginable.",
"The path of death, can lead only to itself* or to glory.",
"The probabilistic outcome for one's life, is the rarest in this world.",
"Friendship, is a relationship of mutual love.",
"Music, speaks to one's soul, like ideas speak to the mind.",
"If one does not have ideas, it is because he has not tried yet.",
"Monotony, is the enemy of satisfaction.",
"Whatever rule a society has established* is forgotten, in the moment of war.",
"Most people, believe in luck. Few, believe in act.",
"Everyone, is a child prodigy* and deserves to be honored for his uniqueness.",
"If you do not recognize your fears* you will never recognize your strengths.",
"Perhaps, what we call as imagination* is just a memory, lost in the abyss of time.",
"A true creator, never destroys what he made.",
"Those who talk a lot, are either afraid or have self-doubt.",
"We do not look for justice* we make it.",
"The more I try to understand human nature* the more mystery surrounds me.",
"To let go of someone, you must first accept him.",
"You can read all the books in the world* and still know nothing.",
"Thinking, is another way of entering the higher dimensions.",
"The subatomic world, is a universe of particles* building the very foundations, of the human wonder.",
"If you do not know the value of your life, play with probabilities. What comes next, is simply a matter of self-awareness.",
"The music one hears* defines the extent of his fears.",
"No thought should be spread, if the recipient is not worthy* or the thought is not weighty.",
"If you dare to teach someone, give him a reason to learn.",
"Pride, is not the need to be great* but the obligation to be unique.",
"Infinite beauty, can be seen only through the abstract.",
"Our world is a numerical structure, combined with an elegant geometric design.",
"Unsubstantiated statements, do not lead to a conclusion* but to confusion.",
"You do not need much, to achieve something worthwhile. Because anything of value, is simple.",
"Problem-solving, is the most sought-after skill in the scientific community.",
"The surest way, is the most unsafe.",
"Work today, to secure tomorrow* because time is constant, but fate is mutable.",
"Artificial intelligence, is a glimpse into the vastness of the human mind.",
"Every moment we do not take advantage of, is a lost life.",
"Most people, sacrifice eternity, for a pleasurable life. Only a few sacrifice pleasure, for an eternal life.",
"What we now consider logical, was once considered irrational.",
"A sense of emptiness, will always fill the void.",
"To win, means to sacrifice.",
"Your destiny, is where the heart, is in harmony with the mind.",
"What amazes me about numbers, is their universal truth.",
"\'Do you believe in God\'\'I believe in truth...\'\'And what is your truth?\'\'God...\'",
"A man of knowledge, never opposes the truth* he either embraces it, or perfects it.",
"It does not matter if you believe your claim is right. What matters is, if your heart and mind are bright enough, to see the light.",
"Without a source, no problem can be solved.",
"Knowledge, is won with a pencil* whereas freedom, with a sword.",
"Every struggle, starts with a \'why\'* and ends with a \'how\'",
"Every man, needs an ideal. If there is none, then he is destined to create his own.",
"What you see, will fade away* but what you feel and do, will remain.",
"A gift means nothing, unless it is given through the soul.",
"Human will, is the strongest building block of the world.",
"The most beautiful formations, are the result of the simplest interventions.",
"It is not the world that is complex, but the mind that processes accordingly.",
"Everything works in motion, manifesting a divine essence.",
"The sands of time, hide one's footsteps* unless they are carved by pain.",
"What is science? Observation* experimentation* creation.",
"The true face is seen, only when life is tested.",
"Life's decisions, are like the branches of a tree. As you climb towards the top, they taper off sharply* revealing an eerie complexity - that nevertheless beautifies the appearance of the tree's structure.",
"He who does not dare to dream, does not achieve anything worthy of the world's attention.",
"You are the most uniquely beautiful person, you will ever meet. So, love and embrace what makes you the best.",
"The worst thing, man can do to science* is to deify it.",
"Generalized knowledge, is a gateway to a multitude of inaccessible mental paths. For, it is a generative power of intellectual processes, such as that of imagination, observation, thought and especially freedom.",
"Unworthy, is he who can, but does not do what his soul testifies to.",
"The microcosm, is much more impressive than its superset.",
"We attract, what we are. We are, what we choose.",
"The strongest structure in the world, is triangular. The assumption, is mathematical* but the cause is divine.",
"The reason of existence, is the cause of immortality or death.",
"The hourglass, represents much more than the passage of time. Many of them, are expressed by the convergence of concepts to a single reference point and their divergence from it.",
"If something terrible were to happen to humanity, would we resist, or simply accept it?",
"The reason behind hatred, is either jealousy or pain.",
"\'Why do we hate things?\'\'To love more, something else...\'",
"Mathematics, created the path, which no science could see...",
"Behind the cliffs of belief, lie the plain of hope.",
"Like many things, parenting is a skill to be learned* not a fact to be taken for granted.",
"Habits, remind us of who we choose to be, every day of our lives.",
"Ideas, are the product of deep neural connections and a divine core of knowledge.",
"The habit of \'why\', creates the tendency of \'how\'.",
"Solve the problems you already have. Never add to them.",
"One who willingly sacrifices his life, to give it to another, is called \'parent\'.",
"Changing a habit, is equivalent to changing yourself.",
"Progression, stems from intention.",
"We doubt, seeking absolute truth.",
"Every question we ask, every answer we give* either revolves around the graph of ideas, or extends it.",
"A good book, describes life under its own prism* through the mind of the author and the heart of th reader.",
"Sometimes, retreat is necessary, whether it is purposeful or not.",
"The eyes, can sometimes give you, the wrong perception of things.",
"Hetero-criticism, is a waste of time* while self-criticism, is an investment.",
"Education, has many problems. One of them, is the inability to spread knowledge and imagination, to students.",
"A corrupt education, can destroy an entire generation.",
"Love the unknown, as it ignites curiosity about the known.",
"To build yourself, you must understand him.",
"We are the descendants, of an intergalactic civilization.",
"Human selfishness, is gigantic and can be moderated, through universal knowledge.",
"As humans wish to expand cosmically, then perhaps the same happened in the past* with another distant civilization.",
"Could the gods of the ancient people, be a technologically advanced intergalactic civilization? Does this version, mimic our own goal of preserving our species?",
"You must believe, before achieve.",
"We live in an era, where the radical revision of long-held beliefs about our history, is deemed necessary.",
"We must learn from history and judge it rationally* not just passively reproduce it.",
"Knowledge, is a network of ideas. Depending on the mental path you choose, you can also find the corresponding set of ideas, that govern it.",
"Stability, creates permanence.",
"Our body, contains information about our true origin and our final destination.",
"Information overload, is one of the mightiest enemies of learning.",
"How can everything, be produced from nothing? And if there is such a version, who created nothing?",
"Modern society's expectations for learning, exceed the mental tools provided for it.",
"By flipping the right switch, you can turn on an entire world.",
"Exercise your body, as if you were to die tomorrow. Enrich your mind, as if you were to live forever.",
"Almost everything around us, is finite* except human will.",
"In order to rise, one must first fall.",
"In matters of politics, only the reasonable people have jurisdiction. Otherwise, a worthy leader or the strongest takes over.",
"Perhaps invention, is equivalent to the rediscovery of an existing concept* that no one had seen before.",
"Music, is the cradle of psycho-emotional well-being and spiritual growth.",
"A painting, is a message with colors.",
"Under certain frequencies, objects tend to operate, according to wave functions.",
"If you do not engage in recording and questioning the acquired knowledge, you undermine your understanding of it.",
"Fractals, project a mathematical world of infinite physical beauty.",
"Spiritual presence, does not imply the existence of physical.",
"Putting all the pieces of a missing puzzle together, is difficult. However, given the probability of finding each piece, the discovery of only a few of them, can reveal its entirety.",
"A disjointed battle, leads to a resounding defeat.",
"It is very difficult to predict every outcome of an unknown event* even if you are the creator.",
"When one is in love, the mind works irrationally.",
"The unknown, hides an attractive glamour* that captivates human curiosity.",
"Your brain, works like a muscle. If you do not exercise it, it atrophies.",
"Where there is measurement, there is Geometry.",
"The human brain, is a gift of endless surprises.",
"Questions, are the compass, that leads to the island of lost answers.",
"Illusions, are the proof, that our minds distort the truth.",
"Learning begins, where mental passivity ends.",
"Much of reality, lies in our minds.",
"Pain, can not be eliminated. It can only be shrunk.",
"Will, triggers action* and ambition, triggers rise.",
"Soul, can cause the most unthinkable diseases.",
"Values and soul go hand in hand. But when they are under the influence of discord* inaction and corruption arise.",
"Do not hesitate to help your fellow man, even when it is unwanted or unattainable. For your good deed, is reflected in time.",
"Share your problems with someone. Otherwise, the mental overload and inner wear and tear, become unbearable.",
"Perhaps, our thoughts and choices, are determined by higher dimensions* that are not visible to us.",
"Everyone is looking for additional time. But each of us, has a sufficient time span to live our lives properly. We just manage it wrongly.",
"A true thief, leaves no trace behind.",
"Forgiveness, cleanses the soul and restores or strengthens the spiritual connection, between two individuals.",
"Perhaps, the world obeys the divisibility of particles. Perhaps, it is simultaneously connected - invisibly - to multiple sub-worlds, each governed by a different subset of laws, yet inextricably linked to a universal superset.",
"Why do questions, motivate human research to such an extent?",
"Devotion, is the ultimate form of focus.",
"Parkour, is the art of escape.",
"The pendulum, pulsates many times before it comes to rest* just as people often pulsate around a decision, before settling down.",
"If you want to identify something unknown, parametrize it with something known.",
"A well-chiseled sword, cuts through the strongest wind.",
"You know that a discussion is edifying, when the participants are actively involved and ultimately remain in a state of perpetual contestation.",
"There are five ways to learn, just as there are five ways to understand the world around us. Seemingly, a connection between learning and perception emerges.",
"If the spread of a disease is inevitable, then strengthen the human body's defences.",
"We are constantly wondering, what exists beyond the limits of human perception. But is it possible that what we seek, is already within us, waiting for a stimulus that will trigger its activation?",
"We think, that in modern times, we are becoming more civilized* but the truth is, that we are becoming more corrupt...",
"\'Master, how can a society do something so horrible? How can it kill its own civilization?\'\'My child, everything becomes possible, when man does not think and is being manipulated by coward souls...\'",
"I'm ashamed of who we have become as humanity* but I'll try as I can to remind them, that nothing is lost* and there are things left, to stand for.",
"Respect, must be mutual* even amongst enemies.",
"The war strategy must be clear, simple, practical and rational.".
"Avoiding challenges, is similar to over-pressurizing a spring. The higher the pressure - avoidance -, the stronger the triggering - consequences -.",
"If cosmic creation is taken as a recursive process, there is a starting point.",
"I humbly believe, that mathematics is used to disprove our perceptions* or to prove concepts beyond our mind's reach.",
"The constant practice of lying, leads to deviation from truth.",
"As worthy, are established those who think they are unworthy* but act unconsciously as worthy.",
"They say, that honesty is a remarkable principle in a relationship. I only add, the necessity of having the power to respond correctly to this virtue.",
"It's fantastic, the fact that the simple reconstruction of a function, produces innumerable \'inexplicable\' and beautifully correlated results.",
"If you want to explain something, think from the perspective of someone, who is totally ignorant on the subject. This, will give you the freedom of imagination and unfettered association.",
"I've discovered, only three fundamental axioms of the unlimited state* God, love and imagination.",
"Worldwide, there are identical recorded accounts, of human creation. Is this fact, a mythological coincidence? Or is it a seemingly paradoxical truth, that reveals both the origin and the destiny of our species?",
"Spiritual fasting, precedes dietary fasting.",
"Every situation, revolves around itself. But, there is an escape route, discovered through personal choice.",
"The true leader, makes each of his warriors, feel that they command their own army* that they are special* that they are necessary for the fulfillment of a worthy care.",
"For those who feel, pain prevails. For those who think, excitement prevails.",
"One accurate hit and all misses are eliminated.",
"Our feelings, are encoded in our thoughts.",
"Behind every action, there is a reason. But what is the cause, behind that reason?",
"Artificial intelligence, should not be built in the image of human beings. For then, we will condemn our world twice over.",
"Excuses, are constantly finding, a different reason to exist. Unless, they are suddenly cut off, by the one who wants to avoid them.",
"People, are like cards. They - always - have two faces and reveal them, when the game starts.",
"You will learn more about the subject you are reading, by turning it into a game.",
"The rise of false \'idols\', will cause the real ones to be challenged.",
"Mental diseases, should not be differentiated, in order to be included in the set of normal psycho-emotional states. On the contrary, their correct treatment is necessary for the uniform mental course of a person.",
"Guilt, usually arises after the application of a practice* that the moral code, considers to be transgressive.",
"Human appearance, is like a book's facade. It gives an insight, into a person's content - i.e. character -.",
"Dampening the onslaught, of reckless and constant voyeurism* contributes to halting - the overfishing of structural values.",
"External beauty, is deceptive. Inner beauty, is honest.",
"Love, is like a burning star. It lands with dizzying speed on the land of heart* igniting every emotion, that resides near the point of impact.",
"Our world, is structured by a tunnel of infinite sets.",
"Society, is structured upon hierarchies, in order to reduce injustices.",
"Changing the arrangement of the elements of a set, does not affect its essence. Therefore, the possible reluctance to reconfigure it, is useless.",
"What we call randomness, is a cosmic structure* that we are unable to perceive.",
"Programming, is the map of digital travelers.",
"Just as light, is divided into its constituent colors when it passes through a glass prism* so are the shadows of people revealing their colorful textures, in the face of fear or truth.",
"As the fall of rain soothes the soul* so tears, heal sorrow with affection.",
"Imprisoned in our own cell, each one wishes to find, a way to be saved.",
"Life, is like chess. There are numerous sets of discrete moves to achieve a goal. However, each individual decision, is determined by the opponent's move.",
"Abstraction, is the architect of the bridge, of rational observations.",
"It's imperatively rational, to invest in activities that foster the sculpting, of our unique intellectual skills.",
"One, must be aware of the boundaries one is crossing* if one is willing to challenge, uncharted areas of the global intellect.",
"The discovery of knowledge, began when analytical logic, adaptable thinking, idiosyncratic imagination and communicative teamwork, set sail for the island of the unknown.",
"Considering the principle of creation* religion, is an abstract way of defining it.",
"The multiplicity of religious, stems from the human characteristic of assigning different interpretations, to the same thing. But this, does not imply the non-existence of the divine, or the existence of multiple deities.",
"Ageing, brings pessimism. Perhaps, this is due to the suppression our dreams, on a daily basis.",
"Possibly, you may gain strength for a few battles, from a human's course. However, it is your path that will give you the power to fight tirelessly* stentorian* eternally.",
"To weaken a hero, you must hunt down his legacy, with a weapon of equal eternal reach - which does not exist -.",
"If you stumble down the path of bad judgement, you will realize how incredibly easy it is to become, the person you have spent your whole life fighting to avoid.",
"It is not ignorance, but knowledge of the obstacles and reckless apathy in overcoming them, that separates you from evolution.",
"I have hated myself many times, by loving others. But the time has come, to also love myself, so as not to hate anyone.",
"Are dreams, parallel realities, that attempt to reveal the unwritten unities of life?",
"When the obvious becomes a cause for approval* then heroism, will become a cause for strong disapproval.",
"Act, is a product of a \'why\'. Therefore, the debugging of a whole course of action, is up to the validation of the correctness of the question.",
"It is possible, that the circle of life, does not end* for those who have not yet fulfilled their purpose.",
"Imagination, does not thrive in a world of pressure. Like a dove, it needs freedom to fly away.",
"Perhaps the purpose of life, is the selection and continual optimization of certain special flaws* created along with our existence.",
"If infinity stands for an unbounded quantity, how is it possible that it fits within numerical limits?",
"Family, is a godsend gift, which embodies the concept of a re-creation.",
"The concentration distribution, simulates that of heat. To maximize its energy response, it must accumulate at a single point.",
"Technology, is the ladder that connects the divine, with the mortal.".
"There are three categories of art: those that express the body* those that express the mind* and those the express the soul.",
"Like a magician's tricks, technology seems impossible* until the secret is revealed.",
"Boredom, can be a tremendous source of inspiration* for an inventive mind.",
"Do not invest in social connections* that do not appreciate your value or contribution.",
"Fractal and humans, are intertwined. Both paint themselves, in an endless loop* time.",
"If you do not want to end up alone, do not push away the people around you.",
"People deal with their time in three ways: Either by investing in their skills* investing in the skills of others* or by resorting to activities that are irrelevant to both.",
"Philosophy, is like acting. In order to describe a concept aptly, you have to play numerous characters.",
"Advice, should be accepted, only by loved ones or by rational and ethical models.",
"The most important changes, are usually followed, by the most difficult - but necessary - mental rearrangements.",
"Nostalgia, conflicts with creativity.",
"The world, is a wonderful painting, coloured with the brush of love and inspired by a remarkable and mysterious artist. We are just that, the colorful dots, looking for their creator.",
"Self-learning, is the highest learning principle.",
"In a world of intellectual apathy, the standard deviation from high intellect, is relatively accessible.",
"Deception, is for the uninitiated.",
"\'And how are you going to change the world?\'\'By revealing, what they do not see* and by reminding them, of what they have forgotten...\'",
"Criminality thrives, under the indulgence of society.",
"When the particle functions of love and time collide, time tends to zero and love tends to infinity.",
"My value is worthless, if it is not based on tangible innovation.",
"Sometimes, even the truth is not good enough, for a discernible hope to be reborn.",
"Frequent rearrangements, disrupt the balance of a program.",
"One impressive innovation, can outperform multiple contributions in foreign fields.",
"The digital simulation of the physical world, intensifies the possibility of reconstructing reality.",
"The spatial grid of cosmic patterns, permeates every dimension.",
"We classify the world into classes, for the essential or necessary prevalence of order.",
"The constant choice of different subjects, as a source of inspiration, leads inevitably to intellectual confusion. It is then, that the temporary preoccupation with a subset of these, is deemed necessary.",
"If school focuses on \'What\', then each of us must focus on \'How\'.",
"Learning, should be guided by abstract goals. For the need to fulfill them, illuminates the appropriate aspects of the learning maze.",
"Pressure, favours the development of noteworthy strategies and an unbridled character.",
"The higher the pressure, the more beautiful the reward.",
"The time should be proportional, to the social pace of evolution.",
"The law of successful social interaction, is based on intimacy.",
"Often, the intervention of an adjacent person is called for* in order to reshape our internal world.",
"The world belongs to those, who have a pure heart.",
"Martial arts, teach mental humility, spiritual self mastery and harmonious physical self expression.",
"The majority of mentally disturbed children, come from a dysfunctional family environment.",
"When a crime is properly commited, it leaves behind little to no evidence.",
"It is beneficial, after a race, to appreciate the individual route.",
"Genius = 12% talent + 88% (love + dedication)",
"If human creation were about imitation, only one human life would suffice. But that is not the definition of reality.",
"Philosophy, is the idea. Practice, is the experiment.",
"Every difficult act, is a product of courage.",
"Be flexible in circumstances* but when retreat is necessary, do not hesitate.",
"When you get to the point, where life seems to have no meaning* it means you have not looked within yourself.",
"Life has shown, that for every good, there must be a bad. Otherwise, there can be no balance.",
"When the bond between man and woman is broken* prepare for a mass disappearance of moral barriers.",
"He who is sick at heart, is also sick at spirit.",
"There is no point in acting useless, when you can be useful.",
"True friendship, is the strongest bond of mutual respect.",
"To avoid making mistakes, is to avoid progress. Because mistakes, are the teachers of progress.",
"It's funny that people criticize others for an act, that they themselves, do unconsciously.",
"Like a computer, we are programmed for evolution* not war.",
"In wartime, remain calm. In peacetime, fight.",
"When you obey tyranny* you become a danger to your society.",
"The silence of night, is the most beautiful music, for restless minds.",
"No talent, can be bought* it can only be accepted or rejected.",
"Chaos is everywhere, if society does not act.",
"Only men, can truly rule. That is the gift and the curse of the law of nature.",
"It is not when the time comes. It is when you feel ready.",
"Do not wait for something to happen. Think of your life, as an hourglass. Time - the sand - keeps falling, but you never know when it will end.",
"Every action, can teach you either about yourself* or about others.",
"What happens outside, never bring it into your family, except when necessary. When that time comes, trust your heart.",
"Whenever you let impulse control your thinking, the result can only be fatal or surprising.",
"Where there is opportunity, there is doubt. The first, is real* the second, in your mind.",
"A true woman is mysterious, humble, kind-hearted and elegant* like nature. A true man is courageous, loving, honest and protects his loved ones* like nature's Creator.",
"When a woman cries, nature opens her arms to welcome her. When a man cries, everything still flows, but the universe trembles.",
"Gender equality, is a product of fiction. If it were correct, only one gender would be enough. However, equality was never the law of nature* but the balance achieved, through difference.",
"If we simply observe, the way nature works, any question about gender inequality can be answered.",
"If we did not focus on meaningless things, everything would come more beautifully* more naturally.",
"For a man, glory is beautiful. But that is not the purpose of his journey.",
"Your true friend, is yourself. Because, only he knows everything about you and stays until the end.",
"Standards, are not created for imitation* but for inspiration.",
"True faith, is only visible through the eyes of a dog.",
"\'But how am I to understand the concept of faith, in order to embrace it?\'\'By observing a dog, with his master.\'",
"Learn one thing* your value.",
"Any fool, may know* but only a wise man accepts, that he does not know.",
"Love everyone. Do not hurt anyone.",
"Usually, we think we are hurting our fellow human beings* when in fact, they are choosing to be hurt.",
"Surely life has a purpose. It does not matter what it is. But part of it, is the realization of your purpose.",
"It is very easy to be evil. The real difficulty, is to be nice.",
"Every day, is another opportunity to create something beautiful.",
"Stop letting the opinions of others, determine your path. They do not matter when you die* nor while you live.",
"It is the fate of every creator, to be alone. For in a crowd, thought wanders* while in solitude, the mind is concentrated.",
"Your thoughts, are like the weather. They change constantly, according to your feelings.",
"Every true king, was once a slave.",
"Sooner or later, we will go home. Sooner or later, we will return to the stars.",
"When you feel sad, look up to the universe. Its magic, will chase away your tears.",
"Do what you love today. Tomorrow, you may not exist.",
"It is better to write, than to say what you feel. People tend to hurt, more than they heal.",
"It is said, that time travel has not yet been discovered. But reading a book, disproves the claim.",
"For you, wonder if life is fair* ask first, if you are fair to yourself.",
"As long as there is justice, injustice will coexist. The question is, who will prevail.",
"Instead of looking in the straw, for the needle* try removing it first. Think differently.",
"Every leader, believes.",
"Everyone can think the same, but not everyone thinks they can think differently. Change, therefore, is necessary* not hypothetical.",
"Man and woman, must be united* not divided. If the base is cloned, civilization will fall.",
"The surest way to predict someone's moves* is to have allies, with them.",
"Perhaps, true attractiveness, is not about sexuality* but about your ability to attract, good people around you.",
"In every age, people are deceived by the \'unquestionable\' opinions of the many.",
"Embrace change, but do not forget the mores.",
"Controlled work, is the best thing you can do for yourself* while constant rest, the worst.",
"In a marriage, the woman is set free* while the man, is enslaved.",
"Observation and thought, are two aspects of the same act.",
"From a world of action, we have been relegated to a world of inaction.",
"Look at yourself, in the mirror. See if your reflection, is the person you really want to be.",
"Before you ask for forgiveness, forgive yourself first.",
"In a war zone, inaction is fatal.",
"A true warrior, smiles at everything, that brings him closer to death.",
"You think you are different, yet you do not act like it.",
"The only certainty, is that nothing is certain.",
"What I fought for, I might win. But for what I did not, I certainly lost.",
"Just because you think you can not, does not mean that no one else can.",
"Just as a bird, needs two wings to fly* so man, needs to values to fly: love and imagination.",
"You have to plan the creation of yourself, before society drags you, into the prison of mass.",
"It is better to be a prisoner of your imagination, than a prisoner of reality.",
"Never speak up, to question someone. Speak, to make them question themselves.",
"To become an intellectual thinker, must be a goal, for one who respects the essence of science.",
"The point is not to be less corrupt, without action* but to balance corruption, through justice.",
"If you want to learn about the world, invest in a book. If you want to learn about the future, invest in your creative mind.",
"Nature, is so beautifully constructed based on numbers and Geometry. But who is He, the eerily skillful Architect?",
"All art, is based on cosmic Geometry.",
"If you consider the usefulness of computers, we use the numbers they produce* to interpret natural patterns, which are governed by numbers. What a wonderful loop...",
"And if you think, that everything is built by chance* you have not seen the greatness of yourself.",
"When a drop falls into the water, the impact is deflected by the waves. Similarly, you should deflect any action, that attempts to upset you.",
"Living with fear or courage, death will find you. The first choice, brings death closer* while the second, brings life.",
"True blindness, is seeing and pretending not to see.",
"If you lack the ability to do something, do not worry. Nature, has diversified you, with another equal ability.",
"\'Do you believe in God?\'\'Whatever my answer may be, it will be meaningless, if my actions do not reflect my words.",
"Ignorance of an event, does not imply its non-existence.".
"A meaningful sentence, teaches more, than a lecture of unambiguous words.",
"The more we condemn, the less we know.",
"Faith, is akin to a blind journey, into the unknown.",
"Will and choice, are the masters of all actions.",
"A caterpillar, is born on the ground* but can die, by flying as a butterfly.",
"You are born different, but it is a matter of choice, to die different.",
"A lion, is never meant to live next to sheep. The same applies, to humans.",
"Just as leaves fall from a tree, at the slightest touch of wind* so do people let their dreams fall, at the slightest touch of despair.",
"Opinions, are like pictures. They are shaped, according to how we view them.",
"The universe, is full of mysteries. It looks like, an infinite puzzle.",
"Imagination, not knowledge, should rule in the heart of man.",
"Unlimited freedom, leads to a society of broken morals. Non-existent freedom, leads to a society of slaves. The golden mean, is freedom constantly earned.",
"Just like the sea, it only takes time, for the pain of life to subside.",
"Has God really forgotten us, or have we forgotten God?",
"We are not destined to be divine, as we already have the most amazing tool in the universe* our brain.",
"To become an honorable man, three things are enough: love, courage and endurance.",
"Two forces keep nature in balance: Good and Evil. To change the effects of their interaction, you have to readjust the energy amounts.",
"Every artist, counts his art, as a constructively dedicated time.",
"We are made in the image of God, to create* just like Him.",
"Love, is the most serious \'disease\'* and can only be cured, if it is replaced by something stronger or elicited.",
"One day you will realize the greatness you can achieve, if you get rid of your negative thoughts.",
"It is more attractive to write your own story, than to tell someone else's story.",
"It is easier to judge, than to be judged.",
"The possibility of a multiverse, is exponentially enhanced, the deeper we dive in the subatomic world of man.",
"One's destiny, is defined at birth. We are simply given the opportunity, the choose the path.",
"From love, every kind of art flourishes.",
"If you observe the microcosm carefully, you will see that the same laws, govern the higher dimensions.",
"There is a big difference between belief and action* and it lies in your mind.",
"True beauty, can only be measured through the the heart.",
"A heartfelt opinion, can be either an eternal truth, or a momentary lie.",
"Perhaps time, should be defined, as the amount of greatness that one leaves behind.",
"Emotions, tell different stories.",
"There is a noticeable differentiation, between wisdom and mere knowledge regeneration.",
"",
]
